# --- Q-1 Hard: Fraudulent Activities --- 


## Part 1

I wanted to make generate fake gift cards to fund my crippling Tomoro&trade; coffee addiction, but unfortunately they are smart enough to use a modified [Luhn algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luhn_algorithm) to deter desperate coffee addicts. 

This take on the algorithm itself is quite simple. you take each digit of the code, add it to the sum, except for **every second digit** where you multiply it by a factor of **2**, and if the result is greater than 10, you take the remainder after performing a modulo operation with the value of **10**. For your code to be valid, the sum of all the digits must be wholly divisible by **10**. Please note that the code itself for whatever reason can be as short as 5 digits and as long as 90 digits.

For example:
for the code: `1234 5678 921`, your basic operation would be:
1. `1 + 2*2 + 3 + 4*2 + 5 + 6*2 + 7 + 8*2 + 9 + 2*2 + 1`
2. `1 + 4 + 3 + 8 + 5 + 12 + 7 + 16 + 9 + 4 + 1`
For numbers above 10, you %10 it, which leaves you with
3. `1 + 4 + 3 + 8 + 5 + 2 + 7 + 6 + 9 + 4 + 1`
4. The sum of these numbers are **50**, which is divisible by 10 making it **valid**

Please help me figure out how many of my randomly generated codes would bypass this trick!

## Part 2

#### Congratulations, you got part 1 correct!

After getting all the caffeine i could ever want, i found out the machine would also take in previously invalid cards if the code without it's last 2 digits is considered valid. with this error in mind, how many codes are now valid?

Example: 
`1770 0131 101` Would be summed as `21` Would originally be considered invalid, but with the `1770 0131 1` you would get `20` which would make this code valid.

With the loophole in mind, how many codes in total are now usable?

Ans: 113, 213