# --- Q-2 Hard: Vending machine --- 

## Part 1

After a long day of college tasks, you find yourself wanting to buy a snack from the vending machine in 15th floor. To prevent students from messing with the machines, the owners has set up an odd order confirmation system. After selecting your order, you are given a list of 3 numbers sequences. For each sequence `x y z`, you must check if `z` can be the result of adding any multiple of `x` and `y` together (where x and y is any positive number, and multiplied by at least 1). How many sequences are valid from the list?

For an example list of:
`12 5  22`
`8  3  13`
`6  5  12`
`74 93 706`
`2  3  12` 
You would have `3` valid statements, which are as follows:
1. For `12 5 22`, you can get `22` from summing up `12 * 1 + 5 * 2`
2. For `74 93 706`, `706` is the result of `74 * 2 + 93 * 6`
3. For `2 3 22`, `22` can be made from `2*5 + 3*4` *(and other valid combinations)*

You also have `2` invalid statement, as follows:
1. For `8  3  13`, there is no combination of 8 and 3 can result in a sum of 13
2. For `6  5  12`, because even though 6*2 result in 6, 5 would be a multiple of 0

For this example, the expected answer is **3**.

Save me from starvation!

## Part 2

#### Congratulations, you got part 1 correct!

After a few days, you found out the vending machine is a self-learning AI that has gotten more complex. as such the verification procedure has gotten more convoluted. now for the `z`, you must attach another digit, created by summing up all the numbers and taking the last digit from the result.

for the previous examples,
`22` would become `224`
`13` would become `134`
`12` would become `123`
and `706` would become `7063`

Now that the Z value has changed, how many sequences are valid?

[learn more about this problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diophantine_equation)

Ans: 126, 152