# --- Q-3 Medium: Elevators to heaven --- 

## Part 1

Picture this: you have a class in the 16th floor in 10 minutes, but as usual the lifts in the campus goes haywire  and all but one remain functional. After managing to get a spot you realize this lift is also broken, as it can only reach the 0th (ground floor) to the 20th floor, and its movement is randomized. Just like you, everyone else on the lift also needs to get to their destination within time. How many students would reach their class in time?

For example of the movement (U being up and D being down):
`UDDDU UUUDU DDDUU UUUU`
Every lift starts out in the ground floor (0), the movement is as follows:
1. `U` means the lift moves up to level 1
2. `DDD` would have you go down to floor 0 again (as it cannot go even lower).
3. `UUUU` will have the lift going up to the 4th floor
4. Perform the rest of the operations `DU DDDUU UUUU` and the lift will end up on the **7th** floor (down 1, up 1, down 3, up 6)

Each student in the lift will have two values, their deadline and their target floor. for example:
1. For `5 10`, within the time period the elevator has only moved for `UDDDU`, not reaching the 10th floor, meaning this person will be **late**.
2. For `99 2`, within the period, this person will have reached their target floor \(`UDDDUU`\) so he will be **on time**.
3. For `1 1`,  they will be able to make it **on time** (`U`).
4. For `3 3`, Moving for `UDD`, the lift never reaches the 3rd floor, making them be **late**.

For this set of passengers, the final answer would be **2**.

## Part 2

#### Congratulations, you got part 1 correct!

To compensate for this, the campus decided to give a more lenient deadline, as all students can now be late for **30 more** time units. How many students can now be considered on time?

Going back to the example:
1. for `5 10`, while their deadline has now been changed to 15, they are **still late** as the lift does not reach the 10th floor in `UDDDU UUUDU DDDUU`
2. for `3 3`,  they are not considered to be **on time** as they are able to reach the 3rd floor (`UDDDU UU`) within the 33 time unit period.

With the deadline updates, the final answer for this example would be **3**.